hey guys Luke two thousand year with my
first candy review in a time to see all
my other candy reviews the playlist is
in the description below so today I'm
going to where i'm going to review a
very rare candy called sour flush now
this candy crap the gimmick of this
Candy's at it comes with two little kid
too little lollipops right here that
hook onto the back right there this one
won't seem to stay probably because a
plastic isn't really going in that well
so that one want to really stay in that
well but they hook on right there and
this is what it looks like the front
it's got that nice little logo when you
open it see that you do so you lick the
lollipop and you dip it in there and now
that's what you do with it it doesn't
say to us by but it's by kids Manny not
by a company called kids mania not sure
if you can see that logo but now we're
going to try it out see how this thing
actually taste this is like a their
shower the powder inside that you dip it
in is sour and I haven't tried it yet
because because the classic is still on
and there's what the sour powder looks
like a mess this thing gonna go up and
down so it does have one point of
articulation
okay so i finally opened it and it's
kind of in the shape of a little plunger
but you can't really see it that good
and yes it is extremely hard to get out
of its little thing so look out it is
really good con tastes like the baby
bottle pop okay I haven't seen my baby
bottle pop urban review check it out in
the playlist in the description okay
that's really good times and you the
gimmick Wow
punish the toilet plunger a toilet and
this is the presumed crap now if you ask
me Mike Mozart will call this a fail
candy but I think this is a win my god
that's good all right now michael mike
mozart from jeepersmedia make all is a
fail toy if you ever reviews it but tell
him about Lego loop two thousand boxes
of wind toy oh yeah okay so you can just
scoop it up do one more time epic slow
motion
so you guys have a store that has this
and you're not too sure not too sure
about it definitely get it okay now it
comes with two so if this one runs out
you can get you there's also another one
and if the powder runs out you can take
powder from baby bottle pop and refill
it and maybe even get new lollipops to
unlock new flavors so basically or you
can use fund it this is ben never-ending
candy so if you know what store you can
get something like this because it's
really rare i would recommend if you're
in the new york area try video cafe
which is where i got this or try economy
candy and i'm not sure if they have this
but they have a lot of rare candies and
even if they don't have that you'll be
satisfied with what they have now I rate
this 10 out of 10 this is a really good
candy and if you know where to get one
get it now see you guys later and lunch
oh wait first say no to drugs say yes to
sour flush